> Based on the JSON documents produced by Perceval and its source code, try to answer the following questions:

> * What is the meaning of the JSON attribute 'timestamp'?
> * What is the meaning of the JSON attribute 'updated_on'?
> * What is the meaning of the JSON attribute 'origin'?
> * What is the meaning of the JSON attribute 'category'?
> * What is the meaning of the JSON attribute 'uuid'?
> * Which are the common methods of the Perceval backends?
> * List and explain at least 3 Git commands used by the Perceval backend (you can rely on the Git documentation)


The JSON documents can be prepared by piping the output of Perceval.

1) The "timestamp" attribute gives us the time at which the perceval fetch is executed in [unix time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time) format. That is, it is the time at which an item is fetched by perceval. 

2) The "updated_on" attribute gives us the time at which the commit, or issue (or whatever, as applicable depending on the backend) happened in unix time format. It tells us the time at which the item (commit or issue or whatever) was last updated in the backend. This is done so that we can differentiate between different versions of the same item. 

3) The "origin" attribute gives us the URI of our specific backend.
For example, for the git backend of perceval it is - 'http://github.com/grimoirelab/perceval.git'
And for the github backend of perceval it is - 'https://github.com/grimoirelab/perceval'

4) The "category" attribute gives us the category of the data that has been mined from the backend. For git it can be a commit, for slack it can be a message and for github it can be an issue or a pull request or a repository.

5) "uuid" category was hard to figure out with just it's value. I knew it stood for "universally unique identifier", and after searching through the perceval files, I found that the uuid is generated from the SHA1 of the concatenation of values from the list of arguments given during configuration/in the CLI. It is used to uniquely identify the items generated by perceval.

In [backend.py](https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/7dfb8b6ddc7a85aab2347b08e5859d662d2e9b7f/perceval/backend.py#L509)

```
"""Generate a UUID based on the given parameters.
    The UUID will be the SHA1 of the concatenation of the values
    from the list. The separator bewteedn these values is ':'.
    Each value must be a non-empty string, otherwise, the function
    will raise an exception.
    :param *args: list of arguments used to generate the UUID
    :returns: a universal unique identifier
    :raises ValueError: when anyone of the values is not a string,
        is empty or `None`.
"""
```

6) The common methods of the perceval backends are:

- `fetch_items(self, category, **kwargs)` - Fetch items (commits/issues/PRs (these are categories) etc) based on arguments such as dates, branches etc and return a generator
- `has_archiving(cls)` - Returns whether backend supports archiving items on the fetch process (is a bool). Git does not support this, while github does
- `has_resuming(cls)` - Returns whether backend supports to resume the fetch process (is a bool)
- `metadata_id(item)` - Extracts the identifier from a backend item (such as the commit id) and returns it
- `metadata_updated_on(item)` - Extracts the update time from a backend item (For git, extracted from 'CommitDate' and for github it is extracted from 'updated_at' field) and returns a UNIX timestamp
- `metadata_category(item)` - Extracts and returns the category of item in backend (Commits/Issues/PRs etc)

7) Some of the git commands used are:

- git clone - Clones a repository into a newly created directory, creates remote-tracking branches for each branch in the cloned repository (visible using git branch -r), and creates and checks out an initial branch that is forked from the cloned repository's currently active branch. With the --bare option, a bare git repository is made. That is, instead of creating <directory> and placing the administrative files in <directory>/.git, make the <directory> itself the $GIT_DIR. No checkout of head is done.
    
    When this option is used, neither remote-tracking branches nor the related configuration variables are created. A 'tracking branch' in Git is a local branch that is connected to a remote branch. When you push and pull on that branch, it automatically pushes and pulls to the remote branch that it is connected with. The --bare option is used (among other reasons) because perceval has no use for the local tracking branches.

- git log - Shows the commit logs.
The command takes options applicable to the git rev-list command to control what is shown and how, and options applicable to the git diff-* commands to control how the changes each commit introduces are shown.

- git-fetch - Fetch branches and/or tags (collectively, "refs") from one or more other repositories, along with the objects necessary to complete their histories.

- git-count-objects - Count unpacked number of objects and their disk consumption.

- git remote - Manage set of tracked repositories. Perceval uses this as `git remote prune origin`, this is done to remove old branches.

- git show-ref (with --heads and --tags) - This gives the current list of local or remote refs.



